Horn in this lecture we are going to talk about optical correcter recognition and we are going to deal
with the digital data set.
So we are going to use this skill to learn that dataset that low digits.
Of course there are going to be 10 classes because it contains numbers 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 up to 9.
OK so we have 10 classes and each data point is an 8 by 8 image.
So basically there are going to be 64 features and sixty four dimensions.
And basically this is the main advantage as far as support vector machines are concerned.
This is what we have been discussing in a topical section that it operates quite fine even in higher
dimensions.
It has 64 dimensions.
This is why we like support vector machines.
OK.
And because there are approximately 100 and 80 samples per class that's why we are going to have approximately
18 hundred samples.
OK.
So this is the Deja's data set we are going to consider.
First of all we have to import the most Plaut label we have to import the dataset from the secret learn
as well as the support vector machine classifier and the matrices.
And we have to import the accuracy score because we would like to find out that how accurate or classification
algorithm is.
Okay.
So first of all we have to load the digits data that we can do it with the help of data sets that low
digits we can printed for us humans.
It is not that useful.
And basically we can get the images and the labels because the digits contains the images.
We can get it with digits data images and it has the target were arguable as digits the target.
Again it is a supervised learning algorithm.
So every single image is a sign with a label.
We know that what's going to be the result.
Let's check the first six items.
OK let's say that I'm going to cart all the other code because for now we are just curious about the
data set as you can see we have an image like this.
And this is the target label.
It is the 0 then the next image is wanted the next image is two then three four five.
So this is why it is a supervised learning algorithm.
We have the data sets the age by a bit images and the target will use accordingly.
OK.
So that's all about the data that I'm going to comment it out because we have already seen how it looks.
Okay.
And of course we just have to get the number of samples as we have discussed are approximately eighteen
hundred images in the dataset that we have the data that data is the digits that images.
And we have to reshape it.
OK.
Then we have the support Waechter classifier and we are going to instantiate it like this.
Then as usual for supervised learning algorithms we have to define the training data and that has data.
75 percent of the data set will be for training purposes and 25 percent is going to be for test purposes.
So that's why we are going to fight and train our supper to vector a machine on the training data so
they in fact start with zero add up to the train test splayed and the target will use again.
So we have to separate the training data and the test data.
Then we have to make some predictions as far as the test data set is concerned so that's why this is
the expected.
What we know for certain from the data set.
OK.
And this is the predicted what the model the support vector machine the model predicts for us.
OK so if we want to create the confusion matrix we just have to use something like this with the expected
and predicted this is what we know for certain from the data set.
And this is what we predict with the model and we are able to calculate an accuracy score.
So let's see whether it's going to work fine or not.
I'm going to say that.
OK so let's run around agree them.
And as you can see this is the confusion matrix and the accuracy is approximately 97 percent.
It's very very good.
This is why we have been talking about in a theoretical section that Saporta back to a machine outperformed
even now with all networks.
But with the advent of deep knowledge networks mobile networks know what these are able to make better
predictions.
For example deep now Real Networks can achieve 99 percent accuracy.
As you can see it is approximately 97 percent so deep nodal networks are better but five to 10 years
ago will support vector machines ver better.
And as you can see 97 percent accuracy is very very fine.
So lets see a concrete example for example what's the image as far as the last image is concerned.
And what's the prediction.
Okay let's say that I'm going to clear the console and the last image in the task that is this it is
approximately an 8 as you can see and or algorithm predicted that integer 8.
OK what about minus 2.
The image before the last one.
OK let's say that let's close it and let's rerun it again.
I guess it is a 9.
This is the image in the digits dataset and it was the prediction according to our support vector machine.
It is the digit 9.
And as you can see it is making quite good predictions and we use 75 percent of the data set for training
purposes.
And 25 percent for testing purposes.
So that's why the last images are not in the training data support vector the machine made the prediction.
And as you can see it's working quite fine.
It predicted nine and this is the image which is I guess that in the journal 9.
So basically we are able to achieve 97 percent accuracy which is very very good for a machine learning
algorithm.
Thanks for watching.